Subtitle by Đam Mê Việt - D2M Subteam
Episode 12 (End of season 1): "Our youth!!!"
Leave me out!
No
Get out!
I won't
Let me out!
Ok let's out!
That's good! It's early morning and you wanna troll me?
What do you want? Leave me out!
I can let you go
But you have to tell me
Where' you going?
You're very brave now?
You intend to help mom worry about me?
You think you have enough capacity?
I'm your brother!
It's normal that I worry about you
- Let me go
- Are you going with Long?
Long... Who's Long? who knows him?
Hey! Don't act anymore!
My plane sister, I go first.
What a crazy man!
I had to spend 8 hours making up!
Please, I wanna get the tickets that I've booked. My name's Hoang Dang!
Yes
Thanks for coming! Wish you have a nice experience!
It's lucky that I've booked 2 tickets, or else we have to wait!
Hey
What are you staring at? Looking at a girl?
You thought that it was easy for everyone to come into my eyes?
Look!
Oops... It's Long and Ms. Thao?
Hey hey, where' you going? Are you crazy?
I wanna tease them
There isn't any differences from letting them know that we're also here!
Don't be stupid like that!
So, let's run away!
And humiliate him later!
Hey. It seems like knowing my sister is a snub?
So which way do you wanna die? Gun or knife?
Huh... Gun!
Go!
Oops... Sis, you watch this film, too?
I heard this was very interesting!
Stop acting as if you were innocent!
Dating with a boy but you even can't get rid of me.
Maybe because of your lifestyle
And even wearing couple T-shirts!
Sitting on the chair for couple, too!
That's right!
You are here, too!
Also dating, right?
Well...
Nope, not at all... We are friends. Keep watching!
Thao, are you okay
No. no
Let's sit here!
Are you okay?
I'm sorry
It's okay!
It seems very hurt?
It's okay
Wait a minute!
Long long
What a hurry man!
Ay da
A
(Whispering about an accident)
Long... Long...
Long...
Where was you go?
Do you know that I'm very worried about you?
I thought that you were...
Leave me out!
No!
I will hold you tighter!
Until you realize that I'm your lover!
Why are you still there? Don't you know how to greet the older?
Good afternoon, madam!
Sit down!
Yes
I have something to talk to you
Wait
Help me call Dang come back here, please.
Yes
Good afternoon mom, auntie!
Lam
Yes?
You have something hiding me and Mrs Ngoc, right?
Oops. Ngoc sister
Oh, my friend Ngoc.
- Not at all
- We're hiding nothing, madam!
Dang
You said that you wouldn't hide me anything, didn't you?
Ha My told me all about it
Sis, that girl is very talkative!
Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't say anything!
Me...
Mom, The fact is...
It's not like that mom.
It's me... I flirted Lam first.
I like Lam first!
Uh... uh...
What are you saying? Are you crazy?
In fact, we have known about all.
But want you to talk it out by yourselves for resting assured!
You know all?
yes
Are you angry with us?
Why do I have to be angry with you?
Love has no errors. How am I angry with you?
Yes
You make us so scared!
Thank you very much!
But sis, Lam is still a child
It's very lucky that he has Dang to protect him!
Dang is also very "small"!
What? He's small?
Lam my son is also small, too!
Very small
Like a chilli baby.
This guy is smaller than a chilli
Sometimes they thought that I was his younger sister
Everyone all talk like that. They don't believe that I have got a big son like that
we are very young
- Yes, we're always young
- Your face don't have any errors!
You got a surgery?
Nope. It's natural
I've just got a surgery, it's very nice!
Yes, very nice
The adults are talking. You two can go upstairs
Yes, we go
Yes
Let's go
Wait a minute!
Oops, my God!
Dang, Dang are you okay?
What's the matter with you?
God, are you okay?
I will call helper
Leave me out!
How can you kid like that?
Give me a place to sit
Oh
I need to make you contented
What?
There!
well... I wasn't intentionally!
It's worth nothing
Uh... You wrote on my "dangerous place".
I said that I was unmeant in doing that. I will rend it later!
Unmeant?
Hey, no...
No... enough
I wrong the room. Keep going on!
Naturally, naturally!
Hey, It's not fun
It's fun
Leave me out!
Dang, your mom is waiting downstairs
Enjoy you time hurry up!
Your mom calls you! Let's go home!
Uh. I go home!
Uh
You owe me this time. You have to pay double next time.
Pay you my elbow! Let's go home, your mom's worrying
Bye
Thanks for listening my song
And this song
I want to give to a special one
He is my motivation for trying until now
I wanna tell him that...
I want to care and beside you!
Because you are yourself, not like any other ones.
Please give me a chance to be your special one
Dung
Stop!
Aren't you afraid of being disciplined?
The love between teacher and student has never been supported!
Even we are boys.
I don't care!
I can quit my job
I jus know that
Right now, I'm scared of losing Dung!